c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\bin\Debug\HomeWorkEF.exe.config
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\bin\Debug\HomeWorkEF.exe
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\bin\Debug\HomeWorkEF.pdb
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\HomeWorkEF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\AlterUserWindow.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\CreateUserWindow.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\DeleteUserWindow.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\HomeWorkEF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\HomeWorkEF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\AlterUserWindow.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\CreateUserWindow.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\DeleteUserWindow.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\HomeWorkEF.g.resources
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\HomeWorkEF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\HomeWorkEF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\HomeWorkEF.exe
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeWork_ADO.NET_EF\HomeWorkEF\obj\Debug\HomeWorkEF.pdb
